Docs 2641 publish scale network page video (#1187)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/Network/_index.md

| TLS Crypt Auth Enabled | Enable/disable TLS Web Client Authentication. |
| Additional Parameters | Additional parameters. |
| TLS Crypt Auth | Provide static key for authentication/encryption of all control channel packets when `tls_crypt_auth_enabled` is enabled. |

#### TUN Device Type 

If you choose the **TUN** as the **Device Type**, you can select a virtual addressing **Topology** for the server:

* **NET30**: Use one */30* subnet per client in a point-to-point topology.
  Designed for use when connecting clients are Windows systems.
* **P2P**: Point-to-point topology that points the local server and remote client endpoints to each other.
  P2P gives each client one IP address.
  We only recommend P2P when none of the clients are Windows systems.
* **SUBNET**: the interface uses an IP address and subnet.
  SUBNET gives each client one IP address.
  Windows clients require the **TAP-Win32 drive*r* version 8.2 or newer.
  **TAP** devices always use the **SUBNET** for **Topology**.

TrueNAS automatically applies the **Topology** selection to any connected clients.

#### TLS Crypt Auth

> When users enable **TLS Crypt Auth Enabled**, TrueNAS generates a static key for the **TLS Crypt Aut*h* field after saving the options.

Reviewer: Typo fix
```suggestion
When users enable **TLS Crypt Auth Enabled**, TrueNAS generates a static key for the **TLS Crypt Auth** field after saving the options.
```

While not required, these security options help protect the data TrueNAS sends into or out of the private network.

* **Authentication Algorithm**: Validates packets that TrueNAS sends over the network connection. Your network environment might require a specific algorithm. If not, **SHA1 HMAC** is a good standard algorithm to use.
* **Cipher**: Encrypts data packets sent through the connection. While not required, choosing a cipher can increase connection security. You might need to verify which ciphers your networking environment requires. If there are no specific cipher requirements, **AES-256-GCM** is a good default choice.
* **TLS Encryption**: When **TLS Crypt Auth Enabled** is set, TrueNAS encrypts all TLS handshake messages to add another layer of security. TLS Encryption requires a static key that the OpenVPN server and clients share.

### Service Activation

When finished configuring the server or client service, click **Save**.
Start the service by clicking the play button next to it in the **OpenVPN** window. 

You may also start the service by going to **System Settings > Services** and clicking the **State** toggle.

> Setting *S*tart Automatically** starts the service when TrueNAS completes booting and runs the network and data pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting **Start Automatically** starts the service when TrueNAS completes booting and runs the network and data pools.
```
